[BHE] fix parameters' documentation (#2758)
ufz/ogs: Documentation/ProjectFile/prj/processes/process/HEAT_TRANSPORT_BHE/borehole_heat_exchangers/borehole_heat_exchanger/t_bhe_if_use_python_bc.md

> It provides users with freedom of whether enabling the pipe network among the multiple BHEs or not. If there is no corresponding key word, the default setting is 'false'.

Reviewer: drop prosa, typo in keyword

```suggestion
Enables the pipe network among the multiple BHEs. If there is no corresponding key word, the default setting is 'false'.
```

Author: Thanks, changed.
